This web app showcases some of the best NBA players in the game today.

You can choose from a couple of options for filtering the players (western conference,
eastern conference, or exclusively point guards). The filters also can work in
tandem with the sorting feature which sorts the players who match the filter setting
in alphabetical order. 

If you'd like to be able to see a more compact list of information without the images of
the players, you can uncheck the "show images" checkbox to do so.

For each player, you can also take a look at their stats by tapping on the "show stats"
checkbox by each player's info.

You can also revert to the default settings and see the original list if you'd like by 
clicking the "Reset to Default" button.

This web app gives valuable insight into each player by providing their photo, name,
conference, team, position, points per game, rebounds per game, and assists per game.
You might find this useful if you'd like to get a better sense of how the top players 
in the NBA are performing this season so far.

Link to deployed app: https://sheltered-mesa-98318.herokuapp.com

I created three different components for this project: Filter, List, and Stats.

The Filter component is a generic component that takes in some form of data and 
is responsible for maintaining the state of the filter and sort options chosen
by the user. It renders the filters on screen as well as a List component. It 
has 4 state keys: sort, west, east, and pg. These are to keep track of what 
filters and sorting mechanisms the user has currently asked for.

The List component is also a generic component that takes in some form of data
and creates div elements to display each item in the data object passed in.
In this case, it is the player's photo, name, conference, team, and position.
It also utilizes the Stats component for displaying each players' game stats.
It has 1 state key: showImages. This is to keep track of whether or not the user
wants to show the images of each player.

The Stats component is another generic component that takes in some form of data
and creates a table that properly formats that data. In this case, it is the
player's average points, rebounds, and assists. It has 1 state key: showStats. This
is to keep track of whether or not the user wants to show the stats of each player.